Hey, what the hell's your problem?
Oh, you think we're too stupid to realize how precious your little gifts are?
I know you were broke, but I didn't realize how big of a loser you were.
Yeah, I'm actually not broke.
Fuck it.
Can you guys just please give him a break?
I feel it's just been through a really tough time, and...
Why does it matter how much these gifts are worth?
It's about family and being together.
Oh, Caroline, you're hopeless.
Mm-hmm.
Mom.
Oh, Mike, sweetie, what's wrong?
Mom, my favorite Thunderblade 9X.
My toy car is broken.
Oh, I'm sorry, sweetie.
Um...
We'll get you a new one.
But I only want this one.
Oh, I know, but they don't make that one anymore.
It's really hard for us to find the same kind.
I want my Thunderblade 9X back.
Nick, can we find another way?
You can't get the toy car without the purchase real.
Okay?
There's nothing I can do.
Andrew's father is the deputy director at the plant.
Caroline, can you talk to him?
Maybe he can get Mike another Thunderblade 9X?
Oh, that's a great idea, Doris.
Caroline, please, can you help us out?
No, no, that guy has a lot of malicious intentions towards Caroline.
I think as her husband, I don't really want my wife to be around a guy like that.
I don't mind.
It's the mic.
No, honey, I'll get Mike anymore.